DAN: It's been over a year since we defeated Gundalia
in the battle for Neathia and the Sacred Orb.
Once we returned to Earth and rebuilt a mega Bakugan
Interspace the number of people accessing it from
around the world totally exploded!
DAN: Of course Drago and I are back in action, along with our
pals Marucho and his new partner Tristar; and Shun
who's rockin' the Battle Arena with Taylean.
DAN: The flood of new battlers
means we're up against some
crazy serious competition now!
This is Bakugan battling like you've never seen it before...
DAN: ...but we're in it to win it!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: What's wrong, dude?
DRAGO: I'm losing it!
DRAGO: Can't control my power!
DRAGO: [grunt]
DAN: What did we just do?
DRAGO: I'm sorry.
DAN: Drago!
DAN: Are you okay, buddy?
Talk to me!
DAN: Drago!
MAG MEL: What is it, Razenoid?
MAG MEL: I feel the same pain as you.
MAG MEL: We don't have enough to make it stop!
MAG MEL: We need more energy to free our captive bodies!
They must battle more to get us what we need!
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Mechtogan Mayhem!
MARUCHO: So let's just be clear about this,
You're saying that giant explosion in the last battle
was caused by Drago releasing too much energy
as he was fighting?
DAN: Yeah, that's pretty much it.
DAN: Maybe the powers he gained in that last evolution
are too strong for him to control without training.
DAN: Whatever the case, we gotta get things in check soon
before we wipe out the audience.
MARUCHO: We saw how dangerous that power can be firsthand.
So, maybe you should consider sitting Drago out for a while.
DAN: Nah.
All we need are a couple practice rounds
and we'll be good to go.
Piece of cake.
DAN: Nice one!
MARUCHO: I'm not so sure about that.
TRISTAR: This is perfect.
I want to battle.
Dan wants to practice.
Why don't we do a couple training rounds together?
DAN: Sounds good to me.
TAYLEAN: Are you two actually listening what you're saying?
Honestly, it's like the blind leading the blind.
TRISTAR: Are you listening to what you're saying?
That makes no sense.
How can a blind person lead another blind person?
MARUCHO: Come on, guys!
This is no time to fight!
SHUN: Dan, I'm not sure you're being honest with us
or even yourself.
DAN: Huh?
DAN: Why would you say that?
Everything's fine.
Seriously.
Aww.
SHUN: Come on.
This is us you're talking to Dan.
DAN: Aw, snap dudes!
DAN: I forgot I have to get some stuff for my Mom.
Gotta bail.
MARUCHO: Dan, wait!
DAN: Sorry, Marucho!
We'll have to talk about this later, okay?
I promise!
MARUCHO: I guess we'll just have to keep an eye on things
but maybe I am worrying too much.
TRISTAR: We need to focus on our own battle, right now!
MARUCHO: Good point.
TAYLEAN: Where's Drago?
It's not like him to be away from Dan's side.
SHUN: Hmmm.
DAN: I hope I was believable back there.
I don't want the guys to know I'm a little freaked out.
DAN: I'm home!
MIYOKO: Hi, hun!
MIYOKO: Did you have fun with your friends?
DAN: Yeah, it was okay.
MIYOKO: [gasp]
MIYOKO: [sigh] Teenagers are exhausting.
DRAGO: [grunt]
DAN: Hey, pal!
Huh?
DAN: What's going on, buddy?
DRAGO: Yes.
Sorry about that.
DAN: You should take it easy.
DAN: That last battle took a tonne out of you didn't it?
DRAGO: Don't worry.
I'll be fine.
What did you say to the others?
DAN: I just down played it.
Told them some practice would fix things.
DAN: That explosion has to be tied to your latest evolution.
I'm sure of it, bud.
DAN: Or maybe...
DAN: There's something that Code Eve didn't tell us about
the powers she gave to you.
[\u266a]
DAN: Whatever it is, that thing is messing with our
battling abilities.
DRAGO: The only solution is for me to figure out how to
control these powers.
I'll do whatever it takes.
DRAGO: For better or worse, this thing is part of me now so,
I must embrace it.
DAN: Good plan.
DAN: Guess we both know what comes next then.
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Well, Bakugan fans the battle arena
is packed to capacity in anticipation of today's super
spectacular match up!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Representing the Battle
Brawlers it's the creator of Bakugan Interspace himself.,
Marucho!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: And on the opposing side,
representing Team Anubias.
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: He's four foot eight
and full of hate.
It's Jack Hunt!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: This is the latest battle between
these two teams as they battle it out for top spot in the
league standings.
I promise you folks this is gonna be a doozie!
MARUCHO: Maybe if I can gain some more ground for the team
then, Dan can focus on training Drago
with his new powers.
TRISTAR: I'm so psyched to fight, I'm vibrating!
We're gonna pound these guys into a paste!
Yeeeeeah!
JACK: Hah!
Aw man, this stinks!
I thought I was gonna have a crack at King Kuso and
now I gotta fight this twerp?
ANUBIAS: Jack!
ANUBIAS: Don't worry about Dan, focus on the battle at
hand this should be an easy one.
TRISTAR: You heard him, cockroach!
Step right up and see how easy we are!
MARUCHO: Tristar, no!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Woooooooooo!
MARUCHO: Huh?
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Well, the surprises
just keep coming!
It appears that we have
Team Sellon in the audience, battle fans!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: I guess everyone is anxious to
see how the action is gonna go down in the arena today!
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] Great.
Another distraction for Jack.
SELLON: Good luck, gentlemen!
We're looking forward to the battle ballet that
is about to unfold.
MARUCHO: Thanks guys!
TRISTAR: What's she talking about, ballet?
CHRIS: Madame Sellon wasn't talking to you.
So mind your manners and while you're at it, why don't you
get some culture!
SOON: I don't see Dan Kuso anywhere.
SELLON: Never mind that.
SHUN: Hmmmm.
SHUN: I think, I'm going to have to keep my eye on her.
DYLAN: You and me both, pal.
DYLAN: But I didn't come here
to chat about pretty girls.
There's talk going around that maybe Drago's hurt and that's
why he and Dan didn't show today.
SHUN: And just where did you hear that?
DYLAN: Sorry, pal.
Can't reveal my sources.
DYLAN: Sounds like we're starting.
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field Open!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: For this next rumble, we're gonna
take it to the jungle!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: And since both of these guys are
Aquos battlers, this environment should be
advantageous to both.
MARUCHO: Gate Card, set!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand!
MARUCHO: Let's go, Aquos Tristar!
TRISTAR: Alright! Bring it on, suckers!
JACK: Hah!
Let's see if you've got the skills to back up your lip,
buddy!
Bakugan Brawl!
JACK: Bakugan stand!
JACK: Go get'em, Aquos Krakenoid!
TRISTAR: Whoa!
Where is he?
JACK: Ability activate!
Fish lock!
TRISTAR: Fish what?
MARUCHO: Tristar!
MARUCHO: Watch out below!
TRISTAR: Huh?
MARUCHO: [angry grunt]
MARUCHO: Alright, time to step things up!
Ability activate!
Aquos Mine!
TRISTAR: [mighty roar]
TRISTAR: Oh yeah!
MARUCHO: Tristar! Look!
TRISTAR: Huh?
TRISTAR: [grunt] Ooomph!
DAN: Kick it, Drago!
DAN: Nice one.
How did that feel, pal?
DRAGO: It felt great!
This was a good idea to come here.
DRAGO: An abandoned arena is the perfect location for this
kind of training.
DAN: Yeah!
This way we can test your new powers full on, without having
to worry about the audience getting hurt.
DRAGO: I need to get on top of my powers.
Between that, your nightmares and the visions I'm having,
I don't like how out of control things are.
DAN: All of these things only started happening after your
last evolution.
If we can crack the secret to containing your
new powers then...
DAN: Hopefully we can figure the rest out too.
TRISTAR: [panting]
TRISTAR: He cloned himself! Seriously?
DAN: Tristar! Watch out!
DRAGO: He can't hear you, it's just a transmission!
TRISTAR: [grunt]
JACK: Bet you can't tell
which one is the real one, can you?
MARUCHO: Does he really think ganging up on us like that is
gonna work?
MARUCHO: Time we teach him a lesson about how we Brawlers
do things, Tristar!
MARUCHO: Gate Card, open!
MARUCHO: Egon Minzer!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaah!
JACK: What's happening?
ANUBIAS: Marucho just increased Tristar's power level!
Now he's the most powerful Bakugan on the field.
TRISTAR: Hah!
Hah!
So, you like that you punks?
MARUCHO: And there's more where that came from,
trust me!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [wild cheers]
DRAGO: It looks like they're doing just fine.
We should get back to our training.
DAN: Okay, pal.
Let's try switching up abilities this time.
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Hard Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: That's it buddy.
Slow and steady.
As soon as you learn to harness this thing,
we'll be unbeatable in the ring.
DRAGO: [grunt] [gasp]
DRAGO: Aaaaarrrrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: The visions are back I feel my energy draining.
DAN: Whoa! What the heck is going on?
DRAGO: [grunt]
DRAGO: What? DAN: Huh?
DAN: We gotta sort this crazy power out, Drago!
MARUCHO: We've got to win this one for the team, Tristar!
DRAGO: Now I'm really confused.
DAN: You and me both, dude!
DAN: Whoa!
DRAGO: [grunt]
ZENTHON MECHTOGAN: I am Zenthon Mechtogan!
DAN: Drago! You okay, buddy?
DRAGO: I think so, but what is that thing?
DRAGO: [grunt] Whoa!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: He's fast.
DAN: And strong.
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Screen!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
Hmmmph!
Oooooomph!
DRAGO: Incredible!
DAN: He broke the shield with his bare hands!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon String!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Not even a scratch!
DRAGO: Who are you?
Why are you here and what do you want from me?
Answer me!
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Hard Striker!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaah!
DRAGO/DAN: [grunt]
DAN: Argh!
I've had enough of this turkey!
DAN: It's time to take him out.
Ability activate!
DAN: Thor Buster!
DRAGO: [groan]
[rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: What! DAN: Seriously?
DRAGO/DAN: [grunt]
DRAGO: [groan] He just won't go down!
DAN: You can do it, pal!
Huh?
DRAGO: Where did he disappear to?
DAN: Man!
Who was that dude!
MARUCHO: This is the end!
Ability activate!
Abyss Cyclone!
TRISTAR: [grunt]
SHUN: [grunt]
Who's that?
TRISTAR: Where did he come from?
MARUCHO: [gasp] I don't know, but he doesn't
look too friendly!
JACK: Listen, buddy!
Get your own fight, this one's mine!
DYLAN: This looks real bad.
JACK: That was a bit harsh.
TRISTAR: Whoa!
Easy there, big guy!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Fear Stream!
TRISTAR: Hmmmmph!
Haaaaah!
TRISTAR: Well that's a big drag.
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Hyper Stream!
TRISTAR: Good call!
Haaaaah!
TRISTAR: [grunt] This stinks, dude!
MARUCHO: Tristar!
[gasp] Whooooa!
MARUCHO: Oooomph!
SHUN: You okay?
MARUCHO: Yeah, thanks a lot, Shun.
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [screams]
SHUN: Let's go, Taylean.
TAYLEAN: Ready when you are!
ANUBIAS: Hey punk!
SHUN: [gasp] Huh?
ANUBIAS: Looking for a fight, huh?
Let's do this, tough guy!
BEN: Whoa, dude!
ROBIN: Is he crazy?
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Brawl!
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Stand!
ANUBIAS: Let's go, Darkus Horridian!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Deadly Nightmare!
ANUBIAS: A shield, huh?
We'll see about that!
SELLON: Bakugan, Brawl!
SELLON: Bakugan Stand!
SELLON: Rise Ventus Spiron!
MARUCHO: Sellon!
SELLON: [grunt] Ability activate!
SELLON: Ancient Levity!
SELLON: Now's your chance!
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Tribal Crusher!
ANUBIAS: Stay out of my way!
Well, do you understand me Sellon?
SELLON: I think you've got things a little confused.
It's you who is getting in my way, Anubias.
CHRIS: Man, she is so cool!
SOON: Well played, Madame!
SELLON: Hmmmph!
SELLON: He took a direct hit with no problem.
ANUBIAS: It doesn't surprise me with the garbage
you were throwing.
SELLON: I didn't see your attack do much better.
ANUBIAS: I was just getting warmed up, sweetheart.
Now we're gonna kick it up!
Let's go, Horridian!
Time to win this thing!
SELLON: Hmmmph, as if I'm going to leave this to you.
Let's go, Spyron!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [mighty round of cheers]
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Tribal Crusher!
SELLON: Ability activate!
Motion Vital!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Whooooooaaaaaaa!
SHUN: Amazing.
They've combined forces!
ANUBIAS: No way!
[\u266a]
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] And now he's gone!
SELLON: We'll have to resolve this another day.
ANUBIAS: [frustrated grunt]
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Well who'd have thunk it people!
A tag team battle with Anubias and Sellon!
BOY SPECTATOR: You're the best, Anubias!
GIRL SPECTATOR: We love you, Sellon!
DYLAN: Woah!
That was total awesome sauce.
Man, I'm all tingly!
Woohooo!
TRISTAR: Not cool, man!
They totally hijacked our battle!
MARUCHO: That Mechtagon had the same destructive power
as Drago!
SHUN: I wonder...
SHUN: ...if they're somehow connected.
The timing sure is suspicious.
MARUCHO: Hmmm...
DAN: We've seen a lot of trippy stuff man, but this...
DAN: ...is craziness.
DRAGO: Whatever that thing was it came from me.
We both saw it.
DAN: I know.
It looks like harnessing your powers isn't all we have to do.
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: Breaking news Baku fans!
The battle between Marucho and Jack has been officially ruled
\"no contest\" due to the sudden interference
of a bizarro Bakugan!
DAN: Oh man!
DRAGO: That's the Mechtagon Zenthon!
PLAY BY PLAY ANNOUNCER: While the identity and origin of the
battling brute is still unknown this announcer has no
doubt we'll be seeing much more of him in the future.
MAG MEL: I see.
MAG MEL: So what you're telling me is that Drago has
spawned a Mechtagon just as Razenoid has.
SELLON: Yes, Master Mag Mel.
MAG MEL: Very interesting.
Who knew Titanium Dragonoid possessed such power?
MAG MEL: This is getting rather entertaining.
MAG MEL: Rip him apart!
Tear the power from inside of him!
Take what is ours!
MAG MEL: My destiny.. Awaaaaits! [maniacal laughter]
DAN: Ever since Drago's last evolution
things have been completely nuts for us.
First he unleashes an insane amount of energy that nearly
destroys Bakugan Interspace then the same massive energy
creates a Mechtagon!
Talk about crazy!
DAN: Problem is, every time we try to get a handle on things
we're challenged to a battle by another new competitor.
Just like that creep Anubias.
Man that guy gets on my nerves.
DAN: Tune in, you'll see exactly the kind of insanity
I'm talking about.
DAN: But no matter what, we'll do what it takes to figure out
Drago's new powers.
And nothing will get in our way!